tools: refine black & white table lists and filtering rules in dm doc (#1599)
pingcap/docs: dev/reference/tools/data-migration/features/overview.md

- `ignore-tables`: black lists of the tables to be replicated, similar to [`replicate-ignore-table`](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/5.7/en/replication-options-slave.html#option_mysqld_replicate-ignore-table) in MySQl

If a value of the above parameters starts with the `~` character, the subsequent characters of this value are treated as a [regular expression](https://golang.org/pkg/regexp/syntax/#hdr-syntax). You can use this parameter to match schema or table names.

### Filtering process

The filtering rules corresponding to `do-dbs` and `ignore-dbs` are similar to the [Evaluation of Database-Level Replication and Binary Logging Options](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/5.7/en/replication-rules-db-options.html) in MySQL. The filtering rules corresponding to `do-tables` and `ignore-tables` are similar to the [Evaluation of Table-Level Replication Options](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/5.7/en/replication-rules-table-options.html) in MySQL.

> **Note:**
>
> In DM and in MySQL, the white and black lists filtering rules are different in the following ways:
>

> > - In MySQL, [`replicate-wild-do-table`](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/5.7/en/replication-options-slave.html#option_mysqld_replicate-wild-do-table) and [`replicate-wild-ignore-table`](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/5.7/en/replication-options-slave.html#option_mysqld_replicate-wild-ignore-table) support wildcard characters. In DM, some parameters directly supports regular expressions that start with the `~` character.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - In MySQL, [`replicate-wild-do-table`](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/5.7/en/replication-options-slave.html#option_mysqld_replicate-wild-do-table) and [`replicate-wild-ignore-table`](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/5.7/en/replication-options-slave.html#option_mysqld_replicate-wild-ignore-table) support wildcard characters. In DM, some parameter values directly support regular expressions that start with the `~` character.
```

> > - DM currently only supports binlogs in the `ROM` format, not those in the `STATEMENT` or `MIXED` format. Therefore, the filtering rules in DM corresponds to those in the `ROM` format in MySQL.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> - DM currently only supports binlogs in the `ROW` format, and does not support those in the `STATEMENT` or `MIXED` format. Therefore, the filtering rules in DM correspond to those in the `ROW` format in MySQL.
```
